with the all-new 2015 fifth that were in
the process of launching now it's really
an exciting time for me to be taking the
reins of the Honda division once again
honda has set the clear benchmark for
vehicles in its class no other car in
this segment delivers is much fun value
performance efficiency refinement and
utility as the honda fit and our values
story just got a whole lot better we
increased the content on this 2015 fit
with features like a multi-angle rear
view camera he'll start ahead system one
touch turn signals and a whole lot more
all standard while the price it only
went up by one hundred dollars over the
outgoing model now it's my pleasure to
bring up Honda associate Eric would Dean
who will introduce you to one of today's
special guests Eric as many of you know
Honda started work on its robotics
program in 1986 and this is the newest
version of asimo this represents the
pinnacle of what we have been able to
achieve in humanoid robotics to date
honda's dream is to provide a robot that
can provide peace of mind or physical
care for family members and assistance
in housework a robot that can be
indispensable for an enriched life asimo
is also about fun and interaction with
humans and that is why awesomo can also
dance
Oh
d
you